are you tired of writing blog posts that
just don't get any traffic well wham's
if you could spend all your time
writing blog posts that continually rank
high on google and get thousands if not
millions of visitors a month hey
everyone i'm neil patel and today i'm
going to teach you how to write blog
posts that get tons of traffic
now before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
so the first thing i want you to do is
head on over to ubersuggest you can go
to neilpatel.com uber suggests and ubers
is a marketing tool that gives you seo
data and stats i want you to put in a
competitor url so let's say i put in moz
moz has a lot of content their popular
website they discuss marketing
neilpatel.com discusses marketing and
the key with doing this is to select
popular competitors i wouldn't select
joetheplumbermarketingsite.com
because that site even if it existed
probably gets little to no traffic you
want to pick popular competitors that
you know that are getting a lot of
traffic they're big businesses and when
you do google search you happen to see
them and once you put in one of those
competitors just click the search button
and you're going to see something that
looks like this
now this is a traffic overview analysis
on uber suggests it shows you the domain
how many keywords they rank for on
google they're roughly monthly traffic
it breaks down things like their domain
authority how many backlinks that they
have and this over here is a chart that
gives a rough overview of their traffic
this shows you how many keywords that
they're ranking each position for
example in february you can see all
right you know they have 31 000 keywords
that rank from position one two three
and you can see how many keywords rank
from position four to ten on google 11
to 50 which is pages two through five
and 51 through 100 which is pages 6
through 10 on google
now underneath that you see their top
seo pages which i'm going to come back
to in a bit and then you see a lot of
the keywords that they rank for so i
want you to go back up to their top
pages
this is all the popular pages that
they're getting traffic for on google so
i want you to click view the pages that
drive traffic to this domain this breaks
down again their top pages
and when you look at this you'll see a
few view all buttons ones under
backlinks ones under estimated visits
the one under back link shows you all
the people that link to that url and
these are each and every single one of
the domains that are linking to that url
in this case it would be moz.com
blog slash the absolute beginner's guide
to google analytics and it'll show you
that they got a link from forbes
huffington post
um
ahrefs they got a link from elegant
themes godaddy small business trends and
the list goes on and on in addition to
that when you click view all under
estimated visits this shows you all the
keywords that the article ranks for and
the traffic they're getting
as you can see the rank for a lot of
terms related to google analytics or
variations of it you can keep clicking
next next next and you'll see more
keywords what i want you to do is click
on over to
that url so if you just click on the url
it opens up in a new tab and you can see
the blog post i want you to go through
it read it spend time as you can see
this one's super detailed great has a
lot of screenshots you know google
analytics has changed over time maybe
the designs are a little bit different
here and there
and i can go and i can write a post
that's more detailed than this
okay and as you can see if i keep
scrolling a lot of useful information
tons of amazing steps the article is
probably thousands and thousands of
words
so going back to uber suggests when i
look at that article
you'll want to click view all under
estimated visits for each of those urls
keep clicking next keep going and it'll
show you all the keywords that they're
including in the article that are
driving them the traffic you can do this
with the next article what is seo
this one is what is seo search
optimization 2021 again you can see all
the keywords that drive traffic to them
you can see all the keywords that are
driving traffic to that page and same
thing i can click and go over to that
page
then i can do the next one beginner's
guide to seo
i see all the keywords that are driving
traffic to that page
similarly i can click and go to that
page
and now i want you to do that for the
fourth result right and then the fifth
result and sixth result and i want you
to do that for the top 20
believe it or not 20 just do it for 20
trust me it works because it it sorts it
by popularity if you do it for four or
five all right you're going to get some
traffic you do it for the top 20 it
really starts adding up now when you're
going through this process ignore home
pages so as you can see moz.com that's
the home page gets a lot of traffic but
either popular term is moz seomoz
variations of that which is their name
but you want to look for all the top
blog post pages quote unquote and what
you'll want to do is you can see
sometimes their blog sometimes they
don't have that url anything that's
content it doesn't necessarily have to
be a blog post and i would just do the
same thing i'll go this one's pretty
sure this one's just on what is seo
here's another one beginner's guide
testio here's the introduction
here's another one beginner's guide to
link building
here's another one redirects 301s 302s
what are redirects
here's another one
uh backlinks what is a backlink and as
you can see when you just go through
this whole process you'll find all the
pages i can have more images on this
you know page here i can go more in
depth i can show video tutorials
that's examples of ways i can make this
page better
and i'm not saying moz did a bad job but
there's always ways to improve
and now that i did it for moz i may go
to my next competitor let's say search
engine
journal
and this is a blog on seo and i would go
do the same thing i'll look at the view
all keywords i would go and look at each
of their blog pages see which keywords
they're ranking for this one is 17 great
search engines you can use instead of
google
alright i can go through this get an
updated list
i can uh
see if it's up to date or anything needs
to be modified
and then go from there
now when you're going through this
process and you do this for 10 of your
competitors you do 20 pages for each
competitor i know it's going to take a
while sometimes there's going to be
overlap between your competitors that's
okay
but don't rewrite the same page multiple
times so if this one is on 17 great
search engines to use instead of google
if moz had a page on
alternative search engines to google
it's kind of the same thing one's a
listicle that has 17 in there one may or
may not be a listicle but you don't want
to duplicate the content you just want
to write
one article
on each topic
and you probably won't have 200 you may
end up with 150 because you're going to
start seeing some overlaps
and this will give you a list of all the
articles that you want to create and
send to your content team or you can do
yourself and the key is to just go more
detailed and better than the competition
and for each article if you want some
extra credit look to see who links to
them
and do outreach so for example this one
is from search engine journal 17 great
search engines you can use instead of
google i'll hit up the urls like i may
head up goodreads i may head up slash
dot this medium sfgate and i'll hit up
the authors and i'll just say hey john i
notice you linked to this article from
surgeon journal that breaks down the 17
alternatives to google there's actually
a lot more search engines these days
because all the social networks and
there's some really cool strategies that
you can do to
make sure that you can search the web in
a safe way to avoid people snooping on
your pipe information i'm not saying
google's snooping but a lot of people
probably don't like using them because
they don't want google have too much
data on them and that's why i mentioned
that in the email
and then of course i'll wrap up the
email with something around like here's
my version of the article check it out
feel free and link to it if you like it
cheers neil and that's it and if i send
out a hundred of those emails maybe only
two or three or four or five will link
back to me that's okay if i do that for
every single article that i'm writing
you end up getting a lot of links if you
write 200 articles each article you're
able to get three links that's 600 links
that's a lot even though each article
doesn't have a lot of links your total
site will and it'll start ranking higher
so if you use this strategy you'll start
writing content that consistently gets
traffic specifically search traffic
which is consistent while with social
traffic you may get a big boost on day
one but it typically dies down after so
you gotta keep creating new ways to get
more traffic well with this approach
going after google you'll get consistent
traffic and even if you don't write
content for a month you can still
consistently do well now if you have any
questions when it comes to driving
traffic to your blog post and how to
write content that consistently does
well leave a comment below always here
to help you out if you enjoyed this
video like it share it tell the people
about it thank you for watching and oh
if you want my help and you just want my
team to do everything for you check out
my ad agency neil patel digital thank
you for your time